As the Scrum master, I was responsible for facilitating the whole process and ensuring that the team adheres to Agile principles, assisting a team composed both of technical and design profiles. 

- Complete <span class="u agile">Agile Scrum</span> cycle (planning, review, daily, retrospective). 3 week sprints. Daily meetings with project team and customer. Product backload management on Azure DevOps for both technical and design items.
- <span class="u software">Architectural review board</span>: during our recurrent ARB moderated by Microsoft we evalueted technological solutions and changes on the software solution, ensuring the architecture alignement with the system's functional requirements, scalability, security, maintainability, and other relevant non-functional requirements. Our ARB was frequently about microservices bast practices on **Azure AKS** and implementing features based on **Azure Cognitive Search** PaaS service.
- <span class="u design">Design Reviews</span>: our design reviews included our team of UX specialists, developers, and project stakeholders who provided feedback on the design based on our prototype iterations. The design review aimed to ensure that the design meets the needs of the target users, is user-friendly, and aligned with the overall product strategy. The board's feedback helped to optimize the design and improved the user experience. Among our team members, these meetings helped us to implement correctly **Atomic Design** adopting Microsoft **Fluent UI** design system.